README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaymoulin/google-music-manager/master/logo.png
    :alt: logo
    :target: http://github.com/jaymoulin/google-music-manager

====================================
Google Music Manager - Python Daemon
====================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/release/jaymoulin/google-music-manager.svg
    :alt: latest release
    :target: http://github.com/jaymoulin/google-music-manager/releases
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-music-manager-auth.svg
    :alt: PyPI version
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-music-manager-auth/
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-music-manager-downloader.svg
    :alt: PyPI version
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-music-manager-downloader/
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-music-manager-uploader.svg
    :alt: PyPI version
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-music-manager-uploader/
.. image:: https://github.com/jaymoulin/jaymoulin.github.io/raw/master/btc.png
    :alt: Bitcoin donation
    :target: https://m.freewallet.org/id/374ad82e/btc
.. image:: https://github.com/jaymoulin/jaymoulin.github.io/raw/master/ltc.png
    :alt: Litecoin donation
    :target: https://m.freewallet.org/id/374ad82e/ltc
.. image:: https://github.com/jaymoulin/jaymoulin.github.io/raw/master/ppl.png
    :alt: PayPal donation
    :target: https://www.paypal.me/jaymoulin

This program will replace former Google MusicManager to upload your music library to Google Music

This work is based upon `Simon Weber's Google Music API <https://github.com/simon-weber/gmusicapi>`_.

Installation
------------

Avconv is needed to convert some of your files due to Google's MP3 constraint
also, this program needs `watchdog`, `gmusicapi`, `netifaces` and `bs4` Python libraries to work. 

.. code::

    apt-get install python3-pip libav-tools build-essential
    pip3 install watchdog gmusicapi bs4 netifaces

Then install the package you need

.. code::

    pip3 install google-music-manager-downloader

Or

.. code::

    pip3 install google-music-manager-uploader

Once installed, You have to authenticate to Google Music via the `google-music-auth` command

.. code::

    # Usage google-music-auth [path_to_oauth_cred_file=~/oauth]


If first parameter is not defined, the script will try to store/load your oauth credentials through the `~/oauth` file.

Then follow prompted instructions.

You will be asked to go to a Google URL to allow the connection:

.. code::

    Visit the following url:
        https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth?client_id=XXXXXXXXXXX.apps.googleusercontent.com&access_type=offline&scope=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.googleapis.com%2Fauth%2Fmusicmanager&response_type=code&redirect_uri=urn%3Aietf%3Awg%3Aoauth%3A2.0%3Aoob
    Follow the prompts, then paste the auth code here and hit enter:

Usage
-----

Uploader
~~~~~~~~

This program will scan a given directory for new elements to upload them to Google Music.
First, launch the daemon to watch a directory new inputs.

It will *NOT* upload already existing files, *ONLY* new files while the daemon is running. (Please contribute if you want this to change)

.. code::

    usage: google-music-uploader [-h] [--directory DIRECTORY] [--oauth OAUTH] [-r]
                                  [--uploader_id UPLOADER_ID] [-o]

        optional arguments:
          -h, --help            show this help message and exit
          --directory DIRECTORY, -d DIRECTORY
                                Music Folder to upload from (default: .)
          --oauth OAUTH, -a OAUTH
                                Path to oauth file (default: ~/oauth)
          -r, --remove          Remove files if present (default: False)
          --uploader_id UPLOADER_ID, -u UPLOADER_ID
                                Uploader identification (should be an uppercase MAC
                                address) (default: <current eth0 MAC address>)
          -o, --oneshot         Upload folder and exit (default: False)

Downloader
~~~~~~~~~~

This program will download all your uploaded musics from Google Music to a given directory.

.. code::

    usage: google-music-download [-h] [--directory DIRECTORY] [--oauth OAUTH]

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      --directory DIRECTORY, -d DIRECTORY
                            Music Folder to download to (default: .)
      --oauth OAUTH, -a OAUTH
                            Path to oauth file (default: ~/oauth)


=====
About
=====

Requirements
------------

Google Music Uploader works with Python 3 or above.
It requires `Simon Weber's Google Music API <https://github.com/simon-weber/gmusicapi>`_ and `Watchdog <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/watchdog>`_.

Submitting bugs and feature requests
------------------------------------

Bugs and feature request are tracked on GitHub

Author
------

Jay MOULIN jaymoulin@gmail.com See also the list of contributors which participated in this program.

License
-------

Google Music Uploader is licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

fixes #13 - Add device_id parameter (default iface by default)

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaymoulin/google-music-manager/master/logo.png
    :alt: logo
    :target: http://github.com/jaymoulin/google-music-manager

====================================
Google Music Manager - Python Daemon
====================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/release/jaymoulin/google-music-manager.svg
    :alt: latest release
    :target: http://github.com/jaymoulin/google-music-manager/releases
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-music-manager-auth.svg
    :alt: PyPI version
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-music-manager-auth/
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-music-manager-downloader.svg
    :alt: PyPI version
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-music-manager-downloader/
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-music-manager-uploader.svg
    :alt: PyPI version
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-music-manager-uploader/
.. image:: https://github.com/jaymoulin/jaymoulin.github.io/raw/master/btc.png
    :alt: Bitcoin donation
    :target: https://m.freewallet.org/id/374ad82e/btc
.. image:: https://github.com/jaymoulin/jaymoulin.github.io/raw/master/ltc.png
    :alt: Litecoin donation
    :target: https://m.freewallet.org/id/374ad82e/ltc
.. image:: https://github.com/jaymoulin/jaymoulin.github.io/raw/master/ppl.png
    :alt: PayPal donation
    :target: https://www.paypal.me/jaymoulin

This program will replace former Google MusicManager to upload your music library to Google Music

This work is based upon `Simon Weber's Google Music API <https://github.com/simon-weber/gmusicapi>`_.

Installation
------------

Avconv is needed to convert some of your files due to Google's MP3 constraint
also, this program needs `watchdog`, `gmusicapi`, `netifaces` and `bs4` Python libraries to work. 

.. code::

    apt-get install python3-pip libav-tools build-essential
    pip3 install watchdog gmusicapi bs4 netifaces

Then install the package you need

.. code::

    pip3 install google-music-manager-downloader

Or

.. code::

    pip3 install google-music-manager-uploader

Once installed, You have to authenticate to Google Music via the `google-music-auth` command

.. code::

    # Usage google-music-auth [path_to_oauth_cred_file=~/oauth]


If first parameter is not defined, the script will try to store/load your oauth credentials through the `~/oauth` file.

Then follow prompted instructions.

You will be asked to go to a Google URL to allow the connection:

.. code::

    Visit the following url:
        https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth?client_id=XXXXXXXXXXX.apps.googleusercontent.com&access_type=offline&scope=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.googleapis.com%2Fauth%2Fmusicmanager&response_type=code&redirect_uri=urn%3Aietf%3Awg%3Aoauth%3A2.0%3Aoob
    Follow the prompts, then paste the auth code here and hit enter:

Usage
-----

Uploader
~~~~~~~~

This program will scan a given directory for new elements to upload them to Google Music.
First, launch the daemon to watch a directory new inputs.

It will *NOT* upload already existing files, *ONLY* new files while the daemon is running. (Please contribute if you want this to change)

.. code::

    usage: google-music-uploader [-h] [--directory DIRECTORY] [--oauth OAUTH] [-r]
                                  [--uploader_id UPLOADER_ID] [-o]

        optional arguments:
            -h, --help          show this help message and exit
            --directory DIRECTORY, -d DIRECTORY
                                Music Folder to upload from (default: .)
            --oauth OAUTH, -a OAUTH
                                Path to oauth file (default: ~/oauth)
            -r, --remove        Remove files if present (default: False)
            --uploader_id UPLOADER_ID, -u UPLOADER_ID
                                Uploader identification (should be an uppercase MAC
                                address) (default: <current eth0 MAC address>)
            -o, --oneshot       Upload folder and exit (default: False)

Downloader
~~~~~~~~~~

This program will download all your uploaded musics from Google Music to a given directory.

.. code::

    usage: google-music-download [-h] [--directory DIRECTORY] [--oauth OAUTH]

    optional arguments:
        -h, --help              show this help message and exit
        --directory DIRECTORY, -d DIRECTORY
                                Music Folder to download to (default: .)
        --oauth OAUTH, -a OAUTH
                                Path to oauth file (default: ~/oauth)
        --device_id DEVICE_ID, -i DEVICE_ID
                                Device identification (should be an uppercase MAC
                                address) (default: <current eth0 MAC address>)


=====
About
=====

Requirements
------------

Google Music Uploader works with Python 3 or above.
It requires `Simon Weber's Google Music API <https://github.com/simon-weber/gmusicapi>`_ and `Watchdog <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/watchdog>`_.

Submitting bugs and feature requests
------------------------------------

Bugs and feature request are tracked on GitHub

Author
------

Jay MOULIN jaymoulin@gmail.com See also the list of contributors which participated in this program.

License
-------

Google Music Uploader is licensed under the MIT License
